[Doc] Add instruction for assigning dataset metainfo file in migration (#1945)
open-mmlab/mmpose: docs/en/migration.md

    ])
```

> Once a new dataset meta information config file is added, e.g. `$MMPOSE/configs/_base_/datasets/custom.py`, it must be specified in the training config file for it to be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the model config, the user needs to specify the metainfo path of the custom dataset (e.g. `$MMPOSE/configs/_base_/datasets/custom.py`) as follows:```

Reviewer: Please also update CN doc.
